Update server.md to add http server  options for server (#2338)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/configuration/server.md

- `TRACETEST_POSTGRES_PASSWORD: "postgres"`
- `TRACETEST_POSTGRES_PARAMS: ""`

> You can also change the defaults for the Tracetest server, altering the port and path you access the dashboard from. For a docker based install done locally, this url is typically http://localhost:11633/. You can alter it by setting either of these environmental variables: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the defaults for the Tracetest server, altering the port and path you access the dashboard from. For a Docker-based install done locally, this URL is typically `http://localhost:11633/`. You can alter it by setting either of the environment variables or using the `server` object in the server configuration file:
```

> 

Author: I am going to add this as a second pr...
